Remove feature flag requirement for fuzzy filter settings (#6731)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings.md

- `index.final_pipeline` (String): The final ingest node pipeline for the index. If the final pipeline is set and the pipeline does not exist, then index requests fail. The pipeline name `_none` specifies that the index does not have an ingest pipeline.

> - `index.optimize_doc_id_lookup.fuzzy_set.enabled` (Boolean): This setting controls whether `fuzzy_set` should be enabled in order to optimize document ID lookups in index or search calls by using an additional data structure, in this case, the Bloom filter data structure. Enabling this setting improves performance for upsert and search operations that rely on document ID by creating a new data structure (Bloom filter). The Bloom filter allows for the handling of negative cases (that is, IDs being absent in the existing index) through faster off-heap lookups. (Please note that creation of bloom filter requires additional heap usage during indexing time.) Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `index.optimize_doc_id_lookup.fuzzy_set.enabled` (Boolean): This setting controls whether `fuzzy_set` should be enabled in order to optimize document ID lookups in index or search calls by using an additional data structure, in this case, the Bloom filter data structure. Enabling this setting improves performance for upsert and search operations that rely on document ID by creating a new data structure (Bloom filter). The Bloom filter allows for the handling of negative cases (that is, IDs being absent in the existing index) through faster off-heap lookups. Note that creating a bloom filter requires additional heap usage during indexing time. Default is `false`.
```

Reviewer 2: "rely on the document ID" or "rely on document IDs"? Capitalized last instance of Bloom.

> - `index.optimize_doc_id_lookup.fuzzy_set.false_positive_probability` (Double): Sets the false-positive probability for the underlying `fuzzy_set` (that is, the Bloom filter). A lower false-positive probability ensures higher throughput for `UPSERT` and `GET` operations at the cost of higher storage and memory usage. Allowed values range between `0.01` and `0.50`. Default is `0.20`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `index.optimize_doc_id_lookup.fuzzy_set.false_positive_probability` (Double): Sets the false-positive probability for the underlying `fuzzy_set` (that is, the Bloom filter). A lower false-positive probability ensures higher throughput for `UPSERT` and `GET` operations at the cost of an increased storage and memory use. Allowed values range between `0.01` and `0.50`. Default is `0.20`.
```

Reviewer 2: "but results in" instead of "at the cost of"? This is probably intentional, but should "upsert" and "search" in the previous line be in code font/capitalized, as `UPSERT` and `GET` are here? I also removed "an".

Reviewer: Lowercased the operations, as in the previous line.
